Well then
I would like to explain Poohsoft
I downloaded that software, I'm launching
The menu comes out like this at the top
Only this is that soft a barn
Since you can not mirroring long mirror ring seen in the better of the iphone
Turn on the feature of
It is the Fu that this kind of feeling is I mirroring phone
Tap to change to the future
I would like to launch the game for a little trial
Yes I like this a game
I think you will see the screen is out
Because it is what appears on the screen of that mac
Well a little
Kedomo is this kind of game this large Sugen
It will be a little swaying movement of the screen
Yama it will not clean out that ward psychic
Things also come out beautifully
Luigi N
But such is the feeling
I'm doing while watching the Imai package
Is that so while looking at the year
Play games
It's say the kana difficult
I think I can not get creative
Yes
I'm doing just so much game
It is a game because the father-in-law is not the subject
It is and
Not 's It is the other game, for example, Well
It feels like you're changing something on ipad when you're meeting
I think but whether not it becomes possible also that it is also possible to say that while holding down the key
Well you're mailing specific town Abe I bamboo paper
Yes i feel like this
If the character is about the corner of a thing
Well, I don't think so much about drawing speed
Be surprising
Yes
I guess not
Oh dear
using skype and Kano screen sharing like a function
To the other party
That is not to write 50 you to say is if the temple wooden toys Statement
I think it will be easier to explain but what about it?
It is red, and the size of the screen is
You can change it freely
The first Mako can be free and small to bring
It can also move
Why is it copen
If this is try to Asmodian because a little six is also attached that recording function is
Well hidden how much late Bentley
If you drop it is just mirroring
To be
Yes
End and after all the software
By chance
Well, when it comes to the end form
It means that even without troublesome thing canary easily lead to
It becomes so went soft